[DOCS] add details on version compatibility and remote gateway selection (#40056)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/cross-cluster-search.asciidoc

[[modules-cross-cluster-search]]
== Cross Cluster Search

The _cross cluster search_ feature allows any node to act as a federated client
 across multiple clusters. A cross cluster search node won't join the remote
cluster, instead it connects to a remote cluster in a light fashion in order

>  to execute federated search requests. For details on communication between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 to execute federated search requests. For details on communication and compatibility between
```

>  different clusters and compatibility, see <<modules-remote-clusters>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 different clusters, see <<modules-remote-clusters>>.
```

[float]
=== Skipping disconnected clusters

> By default all remote clusters that are searched via Cross Cluster Search need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default all remote clusters that are searched via {ccs} need
```

> to be available when the search request is executed, otherwise the whole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be available when the search request is executed. Otherwise, the whole
```

> request fails and no search results are returned despite some of the clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request fails; even if some of the clusters are available, no search results are returned.
```

> are available. Remote clusters can be made optional through the boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the boolean
```

> `skip_unavailable` setting, set to `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`skip_unavailable` setting to make remote clusters optional. By default, it is set to `false`.
```
